Add new resource `Datadog::Monitors::DowntimeSchedule` (#271)
DataDog/datadog-cloudformation-resources: datadog-monitors-downtimeschedule-handler/docs/README.md

# Datadog::Monitors::DowntimeSchedule

Datadog Downtime Schedule 0.0.1

## Syntax

> To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a `Datadog::Monitors::DowntimeSchedule` in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:
```

Author: This is autogenerated as well

        "<a href="#monitoridentifier" title="MonitorIdentifier">MonitorIdentifier</a>" : <i><a href="monitoridentifier.md">MonitorIdentifier</a></i>,
        "<a href="#schedule" title="Schedule">Schedule</a>" : <i><a href="schedule.md">Schedule</a></i>
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: Datadog::Monitors::DowntimeSchedule
Properties:
    <a href="#displaytimezone" title="DisplayTimezone">DisplayTimezone</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#message" title="Message">Message</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#mutefirstrecoverynotification" title="MuteFirstRecoveryNotification">MuteFirstRecoveryNotification</a>: <i>Boolean</i>
    <a href="#scope" title="Scope">Scope</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#notifyendstates" title="NotifyEndStates">NotifyEndStates</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
    <a href="#notifyendtypes" title="NotifyEndTypes">NotifyEndTypes</a>: <i>
      - String</i>
    <a href="#monitoridentifier" title="MonitorIdentifier">MonitorIdentifier</a>: <i><a href="monitoridentifier.md">MonitorIdentifier</a></i>
    <a href="#schedule" title="Schedule">Schedule</a>: <i><a href="schedule.md">Schedule</a></i>
</pre>

## Properties

> #### DisplayTimezone

Reviewer: Is there a reason you used H4 for this and the other headings in this section? H3 is also available.

Author: This is auto generated using aws cfn tools so unfortunately we don't have control over it.

> The timezone in which to display the downtime's start and end times in Datadog applications. This is not used as an offset for scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timezone in which to display the downtime's start and end times in Datadog applications. The timezone is not used as an offset for scheduling.
```
I made my best guess as to what "This" refers to in the second sentence. Please replace with the correct item if I assumed incorrectly.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### NotifyEndTypes

Actions that will trigger a monitor notification if the downtime is in the `notify_end_types` state.

_Required_: No

_Type_: List of String

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### MonitorIdentifier

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: <a href="monitoridentifier.md">MonitorIdentifier</a>

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Schedule

A recurring downtime schedule definition.

_Required_: No

_Type_: <a href="schedule.md">Schedule</a>

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

## Return Values

### Ref

> When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, `Ref` returns the ID.
```

Author: This is autogenerated as well, so we do not have control over it
